### Post 310
**Post URL**: /t/project-2-tds-solver-discussion-thread/169029/310
- **ID**: 614481
- **Author**: SHAHZADA MOON (23f2002668)
- **Created At**: 2025-04-02T08:35:13.206Z
- **Content**:  
  I reuesting to all my teachers <a class="mention" href="/u/s.anand">@s.anand</a>, <a class="mention" href="/u/carlton">@carlton</a>, <a class="mention" href="/u/jivraj">@Jivraj</a>, <a class="mention" href="/u/saransh_saini">@Saransh_Saini</a> please reply me.
What is this going on? Is it joking? Our teachers don’t have enough time to make a separate video for project to explain what to do and how to do? I already have done two project courses and they taught us, even they made 2 - groups just only for discussions in which one is personal and also made a YouTube playlist especially for project. They explained what should be your approach? How to make project? And here, they took only one session just only for show off. And they organised that single session when too many student requests too many times? Are we studying in IIT - The top institute of India or in a cheap and lower than third class government schools. It is the responsibility of our teachers to explain the project, but they are just showing off. Even they never provided the solutions for assignments also. Is it not our right to get solutions so that we can know where we did mistake? They don’t have time to make solutions, they just made an assignment checker which checks the assignments automatically. I don’t think so that they really made any effort in our course. In project-2 also, we need solutions for all graded assignments and so many students request for solutions but our the great teachers ignores the request and didn’t provide the solutions. I think they provide the projects whatever comes in their dreams during sleeping. In weekly study material, don’t have their notes, even they have a very few videos made by them, they just render to other YouTuber’s Youtube videos and online websites. Are we paid just only for these YouTube videos ? If we can understand everything just only from YouTube then why we are studying from the India’s top Engineering institute - The IIT Madras? I have much more better videos than that are provided on YouTube and created by other YouTubers. They only have some points copy pasted from documentations, but they never tried to explain them. Just read, copy and paste in your program. What is it, why it is used for, don’t ask anything.
Some students request for extending the time limit of [roject-2 just only for one day, but what was their excuse- "We won’t be able to extend deadline, if we do, then evaluations will get delayed. ". I want to ask them, where is the result of Project-1? The first date of result declaration was 26-Feb, then their another date was 16-March, but until now on 2-Apr, we do not get our results. It is more than 45 days, what is this going on? Nobody tried to ask with our great teachers. But on extending the deadline of project-2 just only for one day, their evaluation will be late. In project-2, we have to continue running our project until they will not evaluate, whether they take more than 1, 2 or more months. Either we have to host online by paying or run our own system for 24x7 unto when, we also don;t know as their result date is also not fixed, it is just a combination of letters and numbers showing on portal. It is our tales it is my right to get solutions for every weekly assignment, but don’t ask them to make efforts. Just pay and do assignments at own risk even you have not understand anything from the copy-pasted material. Just use AI’s or read whatever and wherever you want to read.
It is my kind request, our term is going to be completed, but please make some efforts in next term.
Thankyou to all my respected ‘The Great Teachers’.
- **Reactions**: +1 (2)
- **Post Number**: 310

